[DOCS] Tweak language, add warning for root creds (#22627)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/secrets/databases/index.mdx

### Static roles

With dynamic secrets, Vault generates a unique username and password pair for
each unique credential request. Vault also supports **static roles** for
some database secrets engines. Static roles are a 1-to-1 mapping of Vault roles
to usernames in a database. With static roles, Vault stores, and automatically
rotates, passwords for the associated database user based on a configurable
period of time.

When a client requests credentials for the static role, Vault

> returns the current password for the configured database user. With static

Reviewer: I know that the wording in this didn't really change compared to what it was before, but we should not use "configured database user" to avoid the confusion against the user that's provided in `config/` i.e. the root credentials.

```suggestion
returns the current password for the database user that is mapped to this role. With static
```

Author: "that is mapped to this role" violates the style guide because "this" in potentially ambiguous. But I will rework the sentence to avoid "configured" :)

roles, anyone with the proper Vault policies can access the associated user
account in the database.

<Warning title="DO NOT USE STATIC ROLES FOR ROOT DB CREDENTIALS">

>    Do not manage your root database credentials with static roles. Vault does

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Do not manage the same root database credentials that you provide to Vault in <tt>config/</tt> with static roles. Vault does
```

   not distinguish between standard credentials and root credentials when
   rotating passwords. If you assign your root credentials to a static role,
   any dynamic or static users managed by that database configuration will fail

>    after rotation because the password for <tt>config/</tt> is no longer valid.

Reviewer: We can also mention that root credentials can be rotated directly through [the rotate-root endpoint](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/api-docs/secret/databases#rotate-root-credentials)

Author: Added
